README.markdown, before:

## Getting Started

#### Writing a blog post

``` ruby
rake new_post "title"
```

Add the Author to the YAML Front Matter

``` ruby
---
layout: post
title: "Zombie Ninjas Attack: A survivor's retrospective"
date: 2011-07-03 5:59
comments: true
external-url:
categories: []
author:
---
```

If you are working on a draft, you can add `published: false` to prevent it from being posted when you generate your blog.

Blog posts are written in Markdown.  Inserting a `<!-- more -->` comment into your post will prevent the post content below this mark from being displayed on the index page for the blog posts, a “Continue →” button links to the full post.

#### Previewing and Generating

``` ruby
rake generate   # Generates posts and pages into the public directory
rake watch      # Watches source/ and sass/ for changes and regenerates
rake preview    # Watches, and mounts a webserver at http://localhost:4000
```

## What is Octopress?

Octopress is [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) blogging at its finest.

1. **Octopress sports a clean responsive theme** written in semantic HTML5, focused on readability and friendliness toward mobile devices.
2. **Code blogging is easy and beautiful.** Embed code (with [Solarized](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized) styling) in your posts from gists, jsFiddle or from your filesystem.
3. **Third party integration is simple** with built-in support for Twitter, Pinboard, Delicious, GitHub Repositories, Disqus Comments and Google Analytics.
4. **It's easy to use.** A collection of rake tasks simplifies development and makes deploying a cinch.
5. **Ships with great plug-ins** some original and others from the Jekyll community &mdash; tested and improved.


## Documentation

Check out [Octopress.org](http://octopress.org/docs) for guides and documentation.


## Contributing

We love to see people contributing to Octopress, whether it's a bug report, feature suggestion or a pull request. At the moment, we try to keep the core slick and lean, focusing on basic blogging needs, so some of your suggestions might not find their way into Octopress. For those ideas, we started a [list of 3rd party plug-ins](https://github.com/imathis/octopress/wiki/3rd-party-plugins), where you can link your own Octopress plug-in repositories. For the future, we're thinking about ways to easier add them them into our main releases.


## License
(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2009-2011 Brandon Mathis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


#### If you want to be awesome.
- Proudly display the 'Powered by Octopress' credit in the footer.
- Add your site to the Wiki so we can watch the community grow.

Commit message:

Update Readme with publishing instructions

README.markdown, after:

## Getting Started

#### Writing a blog post

``` ruby
rake new_post "title"
```

Add the Author to the YAML Front Matter

``` ruby
---
layout: post
title: "Zombie Ninjas Attack: A survivor's retrospective"
date: 2011-07-03 5:59
comments: true
external-url:
categories: []
author:
---
```

If you are working on a draft, you can add `published: false` to prevent it from being posted when you generate your blog.

Blog posts are written in Markdown.  Inserting a `<!-- more -->` comment into your post will prevent the post content below this mark from being displayed on the index page for the blog posts, a “Continue →” button links to the full post.

#### Previewing and Generating

``` ruby
rake generate   # Generates posts and pages into the public directory
rake watch      # Watches source/ and sass/ for changes and regenerates
rake preview    # Watches, and mounts a webserver at http://localhost:4000
```
#### Publishing

1. Generate the required HTML/XML files (rake generate)
2. Commit and push to origin/master
3. Push to Heroku (siyelo-blog)


## What is Octopress?

Octopress is [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) blogging at its finest.

1. **Octopress sports a clean responsive theme** written in semantic HTML5, focused on readability and friendliness toward mobile devices.
2. **Code blogging is easy and beautiful.** Embed code (with [Solarized](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized) styling) in your posts from gists, jsFiddle or from your filesystem.
3. **Third party integration is simple** with built-in support for Twitter, Pinboard, Delicious, GitHub Repositories, Disqus Comments and Google Analytics.
4. **It's easy to use.** A collection of rake tasks simplifies development and makes deploying a cinch.
5. **Ships with great plug-ins** some original and others from the Jekyll community &mdash; tested and improved.


## Documentation

Check out [Octopress.org](http://octopress.org/docs) for guides and documentation.


## Contributing

We love to see people contributing to Octopress, whether it's a bug report, feature suggestion or a pull request. At the moment, we try to keep the core slick and lean, focusing on basic blogging needs, so some of your suggestions might not find their way into Octopress. For those ideas, we started a [list of 3rd party plug-ins](https://github.com/imathis/octopress/wiki/3rd-party-plugins), where you can link your own Octopress plug-in repositories. For the future, we're thinking about ways to easier add them them into our main releases.


## License
(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2009-2011 Brandon Mathis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


#### If you want to be awesome.
- Proudly display the 'Powered by Octopress' credit in the footer.
- Add your site to the Wiki so we can watch the community grow.
